GitHub made the way I work on a project very different. I am the kind of person that when assigned a project will sit down and do it immediately to avoid anxiety from having an unfinished task. But GitHub works by committing _major_ changes which isn’t usually how I do work. Luckily, in my negotiation class, we have weekly journal assignments which means I can’t complete the projects until I attend class. This kind of project is optimal for GitHub because I will have changes each week. To decide when to commit made sense to do so at the end of each week (in this case just the final week) because I would have a new entry written. 

This sort of progressive work is not for me at least not in an individual project like this. In a large group project I understand GitHubs appeal but for something that I usually sit down and take fifteen minutes or so to read and then reflect it just doesn't make sense to me. As far as an improvement if I had started this project a few weeks earlier I can see the appeal of after each class writing my reflection of the in class exercise and committing those changes. My computer is old and not always reliable so having a version online I can pull from any computer is beneficial. However, with that being said, that is why I utilize GoogleDocs. 

I quite honestly hope to not have to use GitHub in the future. Even though I could blindly stumble my way through commits and pushes and pulls better than your average rookie I am still very much a novice. In the future I plan to continue to utilize version sharing systems like the GooglePages in order to be able to use different computers. This mini-course has taught me more about versions and files then I have ever known. I have never been exposed to coding and was more lost than a blind man in a corn maze but once we ventured back to the user interface I was able to figure most of it out. I'd like to think, being a milenial that I know my way around a computer pretty well but after this class I know I have a lot more to learn and this class has exposed me to that. 
